---
title: <span class="black-10">SOOC</span>
subtitle: >-
  <span class="dark-pink">What is <span class="fw7">SOOC</span> and why it is
  important to us.</span>
sideline: Our Primary Product | Photography
sidecolor: dark-pink
date: '2018-06-01'
image: /images/099A2370.jpg
background: bg-top
bcolor: dark-pink
stats:
  aperture: f/8
  camera: Canon 5DsR
  focal: 50mm
  heads: '3'
  lens: 24-105 f/4 L
  lighting: Profoto
  name: Jehanne
  notes: >-
    Two Profoto D2 heads facing into the camera. One Profoto D2 in a Profoto 4ft
    RFi Octabank. Modern lenses are much harder to get to flare out than one
    would think. D2's were at full power.
---
**SOOC** is photographer jargon that simply means *"strait out of camera"*. Our primary product is photographic image assets. We love photography and respect all aspects of the image making process. While post processing and various *treatments* are common place now and certainly play a role in the final product we stronly believe in starting with a strong foundation. If an image doesn't work before all of the post production polish it's not going to work that well afterwards. Beyond that the simple strait-forward photograph holds a special place in our hearts.

When working with us you'll be able to see what we are seeing SOOC as we work. If it helps we'll even mock-up a design and overlay it onto the photographs so that you can see it in context of the finished project. No waiting to see what we've made for days or weeks on end while it gets "fixed". This also has the benefit that the entire team can share ideas and influence the direction in real time rather than having to piece things togehter aftwards. 

Beyond our love and respect for the simple art of photography getting as close to the desired final product during the production phase of the process saves our customers time and money. Instead of spending hours or days after making the shot producing things that could have been done on the spot we can turn work around fast at lower cost. If you prefer your in-house art department to produce the final visuals it will save them time and you money as well.

## Consdier The Photograph Above

A very simple image but all done quickly in camera as concept development performed on the fly quickly with minimal setup time. What you see above is exactly what you would have seen on-set as we shot it. To that end all visuals you see on this site are and will continue to be *SOOC* unless it is promenently noted (tear sheets etc). On a more creative note this particular concept was made by literally using every piece of equipment in the room *"the wrong way"*. Two lights shining directly into the camera lens, and one large octabank with half of the diffusion ripped out to give a bit more contrast and edge to the key light while maintaining broad reflections in the wardrobe.

